Add task 22 (#50)
hyphacoop/loro-testnet: docs/tasks.md

1. ~~https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis-frontend~~ (claimed)
2. ~~https://github.com/DarkFlorist/Horswap~~ (claimed)
3. ~~https://github.com/otterscan/otterscan~~ (claimed)

## Task 22
* Create and host an app store that displays the available webapps on the Laconic Registry.

> * It should display styled ApplicationRecords with some relevant info; when clicked on they present more info along with;
> * A list of deployed URLs deployed by Service Providers (only display if they pass a healthcheck)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It must display styled ApplicationRecords with relevant app information.
* When an ApplicationRecord is clicked, the site must display a list of URLs deployed by Service Providers.
  * Each URL must have passed a health check to be shown.
* Claims will be evaluated by testnet coordinators and the Laconic team.
* A maximum of 1000 points will be awarded to each participant.
* Open a pull request in this repository to notify testnet coordinators your site is ready for review.
```
